## Angular Issues App

The Angular Issue web page lists the issues that were created or updated in the last 7 days. For each issue, the description or body, user and assignee are included if present. Clinking on a link will open a new tab on the issue, author or assignee.

As a proof-of-concept, simplicity was chosen over more UX rich capabilities. For example, a paging mechanism could be used to avoid endless scrolling.

FWIW, this is my first Angular 6 project. Prior Angular work was done in 1.

Design note: GitHub will create a set of instructions for the author if the description is left blank. In my opinion, this resulted in long, repetitive descriptions which overwhelmed the page. To simplify, the instructions were replaced with the text, "Description instructions deleted."

## Installation

Follow the [Angular Getting QuickStart Guide](https://angular.io/guide/quickstart) Step 1 "Set up the Development Environment" to get Node.js, npm and Angular CLI installed.

Clone this repository.

Cd to the repository.

Run `npm install` to install the dependencies. This step can take a long time (10+ minutes).

## Build

Run `ng build` to build the server.

## Running the project in a development server

Run `ng serve --open` to start the server and open the web page.

## Running unit tests

Unfortunately, the unit tests do not pass. New to Karma, I chose work on other parts of the assignment.

For the brave of hear, run `ng test` to execute the unit tests via [Karma](https://karma-runner.github.io).

## Running end-to-end tests

Run `ng e2e` to execute the end-to-end tests via [Protractor](http://www.protractortest.org/).

Note: The e2e tests are the ones generated by ng. Due to time constraints, no additional work was done to add tests to properly test the results of the API call.

## Further help

Contact author.
